detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a drama thriller film called
the machinist
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
plagued with insomnia trevor resnick
begins to experience strange and
unexplainable things
trevor resnick grunts as he finishes
wrapping an unidentified body in a
carpet
later he pulls his pickup truck over by
the sea
trevor hauls the rolled carpet out and
carries it to the shore
when he notices a flash of light
approaching he throws the carpeted body
in panic
making it land on the shore instead of
the water he weirdly kicks the carpet
letting it roll down the slope and
unravel trevor could only watch the
sight with wide eyes before he hears a
man
ask who are you when trevor turns around
a flashlight shines upon his bruised and
beaten face
in a bathroom trevor frantically washes
his hands using bleach and hot water
when he turns around he sees a sticky
note on his wall with the words who are
you
written on it later a bruised les trevor
is being pleasured by a call girl named
stevie
when they finish he washes his face in
her bathroom
as trevor's putting his belt on stevie
asks if he's okay and when he asks her
back if he looks okay
she tells him that he wouldn't exist if
he looked any thinner in response
he sucks his stomach in to show her his
protruding bones making stevie laugh
she tells trevor that there's still half
an hour in offers to cook for him
but trevor tells her he's tired after
thanking her
trevor leaves a hundred dollar bill
before going trevor works as a machinist
in a place called national machine
their foreman tucker is walking around
and rushing everyone even at the expense
of regulations
trevor tells him to back off then
recites their safety procedure
prompting tucker to congratulate him on
making his crap list
at an airport diner trevor is having a
chat with the waitress their name maria
the clock hits 1 30 and the two flirt
with each other until another customer
calls for her
trevor leaves his tip before going at
work
trevor heads outside to smoke for a bit
he enters his truck and just as he's
resting his eyes
he hears someone speak from the car
beside his the bald man tells him he
usually works in the pit there
but he's covering reynolds shift since
he got picked up by the feds
trevor zones out and while his eyes are
drifting to a close
the man suddenly appears by his window
with a large grin
he introduces himself as ivan after some
time
trevor is in bed with stevie they just
finished hooking up
and he murmurs about how he hasn't slept
for an entire year
later at work trevor's co-worker miller
asks for his help with a machine
while trevor's assisting him he keeps
getting distracted by ivan working from
a distance
he catches trevor's gaze and with a
smile he makes a throat slashing gesture
dumbfounded trevor accidentally leans
against a button starting the machine up
and causing miller's sleeve to get
caught by the mill
trevor and his co-workers frantically
try to shut the machine off to no avail
leading to miller losing his arm stuck
in a wide-eyed shock
trevor slowly backs away and looks
towards ivan's direction but the
mysterious man is nowhere to be found
while eating in his kitchenette trevor
comes across the final notice for his
utility bills
he quickly writes a reminder for himself
and just as he's about to stick it to
his fridge he sees a sticky note with a
hangman drawing and six blanks
due to miller's accident the higher-ups
investigate trevor
wally's cross and uncooperative at first
he eventually admits to getting
distracted by ivan
everyone in the meeting is confused so
he explains that ivan's the guy covering
for reynolds
tucker says reynolds is just over there
and furman firmly states that there's no
ivan there
in the airport diner trevor asks maria
if she has any mother's day plans and
maria says she's taking her son to an
amusement park
she adds that she'll let her son make it
up to her when he's older trevor agrees
saying that a little guilt goes a long
way and when maria asks about his plans
he responds with the cemetery feeling
bad for him
maria invites him to join them and
trevor gladly accepts
at work trevor's co-workers are keeping
their distance from him and eyeing him
warily
while in their locker room the others
are poking fun at reynolds
asking him what the feds wanted from him
suddenly their co-worker jones yells at
them
telling them that the situation isn't
funny and that he doesn't feel
comfortable working with trevor
he tells him up front that nobody wants
him there and trevor could only say that
he'll see them tomorrow
while he's making his way back to his
truck he spots ivan driving away in his
red sports car
after following him the two of them end
up in a bar
there ivan shows trevor his grotesque
hand his fingers were maimed and
replaced by two of his toes
without addressing it trevor finally
confronts ivan about how no one at work
knows who he is
but ivan only laughs the matter off
suggesting that they're probably just
playing a joke on him
when trevor asks him to take this more
seriously he remains flippant
saying that trevor caused the accident
not him while ivan heads to the bathroom
trevor discreetly rifles through his
wallet he finds a photo and curses when
he sees it
at home trevor gives reynolds a drunken
call while looking at a photograph of
reynolds and ivan holding a fish
together
he ominously tells him that the game is
over and that he has proof on him
while an irritated reynolds tells him to
watch his back before ending the call
trevor goes to his kitchen then sees
that the sticky note on his refrigerator
has changed
it's still of a hangman game but this
time the head and the limbless body of
the stickman is drawn
while the letters ian are filled up the
last two blanks this bothers him
immensely
so he quickly rips the sticky note off
and throws it into the bin
with nowhere else to go trevor rushes to
stevie's place
though stevie is still with a client she
makes time to comfort trevor
in the amusement park trevor spending
some time with maria and her son
nicholas maria's ex calls her so she
asks him to watch over her son while she
takes the call
with trevor and nicholas alone they walk
around the amusement park
a monster ride called route 666 catches
nicholas's attention
and though trevor suggests that they
should wait for his mother the boy goes
on ahead
while riding trevor happily tries to
keep nicholas entertained until he
eventually sees a scare holding up a
severed arm
trevor's expression grows solemn and
after that the figures get more personal
from there
against his instructions nicholas drives
to the tunnel that leads to the highway
to hell
the strobing lights cause nicholas to
get a seizure so in a haze of worry
trevor bolts out the fun house with a
boy in his arms maria rushes over to
them and assures him that it's okay and
that she should have told him that
nicholas has epilepsy
trevor drives them back and though he
resents himself for taking nicholas to
the ride
maria doesn't blame him finally she lets
him into her house
where they talk over a glass of wine
when her glass got empty
he offers to fill it up for her trevor
heads to her kitchen
and as he's pouring the wine he sees the
clock hit 1 30.
his demeanor changes and he starts to
look unnerved as he slowly walks to her
fridge
he sees a heart-shaped mother's day card
there and beneath it is a stick figure
doodle of maria and nicholas
back in trevor's kitchen he goes through
his bin for the hangman note
he uncrumples and stares at the paper
upon finding it then remembers the
drawing on maria's fridge
he takes his pencil to fill the rest of
the blanks to form the word mother
in national machine trevor spots miller
getting his settlement pay
when the man comes down he approaches
him and solemnly apologizes
trevor asks the stone-faced miller what
he can do to repay him
and miller tells him deadpan that he can
give him his left arm
trevor is silently taken aback but
miller tells him that he's just joking
he assures trevor that he doesn't have
any hard feelings before leaving
trevor watches him in silence for a few
moments then gets back to work
which tucker just assigned to him that
day he sticks his arm into the lathe to
work on it but it suddenly starts up
almost tearing his arm off he cries for
help while the machine
forcibly constricts his limb but
nobody's coming to him
trevor keeps screaming as he desperately
tries to free himself
and it isn't until jones finally arrives
that trevor manages to break away from
the lathe
once freed trevor starts demanding to
know who turned the breaker on
his paranoia is off the roof now and he
starts shoving everyone around him and
questioning them all
after trevor pushed reynolds the man
shoves him back telling him that he's
imagining things again
trevor instantly accuses him of knowing
ivan then it radically goes through his
wallet
trying to find the picture only to come
up with nothing when tucker showed up to
ask what's going on
trevor attacks him this quickly leads to
trevor getting fired and his now former
co-workers could only talk about how
crazy he is as they walk away
upon coming home trevor realizes that
his electricity is cut off
he turns his flashlight on and starts
rummaging through his things for the
utility bill
he curses himself and continues to
search for it while blood starts
spilling from his refrigerator
later trevor visits stevie only to find
her with a bruised face
she somberly calls it an occupational
hazard so trevor takes her into his arms
to embrace her
in his electricity-less home trevor
lights a lamp up then looks at the
mirror
suddenly he hears someone trying to open
his door so he immediately grabs a vase
ready to attack his intruder but as it
turns out
it's just his landlady there to complain
about a leak coming from his apartment
she questions the terrible smell in
trevor's unit but he insists that
there's no leak
he abruptly ushers her out then closes
the door again
afterward trevor hears the sound of
water leaking so he makes his way to his
kitchen to check
there he finds an absolute bloodbath
coming from his refrigerator
blood spills and leaks from it and the
sleepless man looks on in complete fear
and disbelief
on the hangman note the stickman finally
has a single leg while the blanks have i
and l as the second and third letters
respectively with his pencil trevor
draws the stick man's other leg in one
of his arms
then he fills in the rest of the blanks
with miller's name coming up
the following day trevor heads to
miller's address to confront him
he takes him to his garage and shows his
brand new car all funded by his
settlement money
impatient trevor cuts straight to the
chase and accuses miller of messing with
his machine out of spite to seek
vengeance on him
miller tries to laugh trevor's paranoia
off but when trevor provokes him further
he hits him in the nuts trevor staggers
back to his truck
and that's when he sees ivan in his car
in the distance when ivan drives off
trevor immediately chases after him they
drive through a tunnel and while trevor
tries to note ivan's plate number
he almost gets hit by a coming truck at
the dmv
trevor tries to ask for information on
ivan's plate number
but the man there told him that he
couldn't disclose anything unless a
crime's been committed
so with that in mind trevor went out and
flung himself in front of a moving car
after his staged hit and run trevor
limps to the police station
his face is busted as he goes to a cop
to report the hit and run
while trevor's waiting for the results a
man approaches him
he asks if he ever had his car stolen to
which trevor says he hasn't
the man reveals that the plate number
and the described car belonged to trevor
himself and that he reported it as being
in a total wreck a year ago
this leaves trevor in a daze and when
the man asks if he knows it's a felony
to file fake reports
trevor makes a run for it with two men
chasing him down
trevor escapes to the subway station he
winds up by the entrance to the sewers
and with nowhere else to go he opens the
hatch to climb down frantically
trevor later drives back to his
apartment only to find the police
outside his place
speaking with his landlady surprised he
quickly leaves
using what little strength he has left
trevor drags himself to stevie's place
and when she finds him wounded and
staggering in her hallway
he finally lets himself fall in her
bathroom trevor sits in the tub while
stevie cleans his face
then with complete sincerity he tells
her that he wants to make things work
between them
this makes stevie happy and she tells
trevor that she loves him
after taking a bath trevor goes to
stevie's bedroom to sit on the edge of
her bed
the two of them have a peaceful
conversation and while stevie's talking
trevor notices one of the framed photos
to his surprise
it's the same photograph of ivan and
reynolds this sends him in a fit of rage
and he aggressively confronts stevie
about it trembling trevor asks where
ivan is
then accuses him of being her ex and
that he's just messing with him for
sleeping with her
he starts being more forceful with
stevie until she looks at the photo and
explains that he left it in her tip jar
the other night and that the man
standing next to reynolds is actually
trevor
trevor is in utter disbelief and he
quietly insists that it's not him
he almost looks like he's about to cry
when he demeans stevie earning him a
slap
trevor doesn't stop yelling at her and
stevie starts yelling back
calling him a psycho and a freak as
trevor finally storms out
while driving away trevor remembers the
time stevie's ex called her
and she described him as a psycho the
word echoes in his head
trevor drives to the airport and there
he asks for maria an older woman tells
him that he's chatty that knight then
claims that there's no maria there
she's his usual waitress with everything
he knows now falling apart
trevor angrily slams his hand against
the table still demanding to see maria
when the waitress insists that no maria
is working there trevor slowly circles
the diner
yelling and asking if everyone's in on
it with everyone's eyes on him he rushes
back to his car
while trevor starting his truck he sees
ivan driving in the same parking lot
he painstakingly tails him into the city
ivan pulls over outside his apartment
building then opens the car's door
to his complete surprise he finds ivan
helping nicholas out
the two of them head inside the
apartment and trevor immediately follows
them
he opens the bathroom door and finds
ivan shaving with a knife
trevor demands to know where nicholas is
and a very amused ivan tells him
outright that the kid is dead
furious he tries to take the knife from
ivan and after some struggling
he manages to slit his throat ivan
collapses on the ground
his blood pulling beneath him trevor
breathes heavily then pulls back the
shower curtains where nicholas is
supposed to be behind
only to find the tub empty finally
trevor saunters to his bloody fridge
bracing himself to open it
when he does a large bloody and sliced
up fish falls to the ground
flashes of reynolds photograph with the
fish fill his mind that instead of ivan
in the photo
trevor pictures himself there much
healthier than he is now
trevor almost chokes up then rushes to
wrap the body with a carpet
afterward he drives to the sea so he can
dispose of it
with someone approaching him he hurtly
kicks the rug down
only to panic when it unravels when it
fully does
however the carpet is revealed to be
empty a flashlight shines on him
and he hears a man's voice ask who are
you but when trevor turns around
he finds a completely living ivan
holding the flashlight instead
later in his bathroom trevor is washing
his hands while the flashlight is placed
on his table he turns around to look at
the sticky note asking who are you
on his cabinet before looking back at
the mirror trevor sees ivan's murky
reflection standing behind him
and in a shaky voice trevor says i know
who you are
finally his memory drifts back to the
previous year he remembers driving his
red sports car at 1 30 p.m
while trying to light his cigarette with
the built-in lighter he accidentally
crashes into a child resembling nicholas
his route 666 decoration dangles before
his cracked windshield
and back in his bathroom trevor almost
sobbingly repeats
i know who you are then a woman closely
resembling maria screams and rushes to
her child
in his memory trevor could only look
back in complete fear before driving
away
not taking responsibility for the
possibly dying child
now that he remembers all trevor could
do is curl to a ball
crying as he realizes that his
uncontrollable spiral and insomnia were
all brought by his guilt
after gathering his bearings he takes
the hangman posted from his fridge in
this time
he uses his marker to complete the
drawing and the blanks leaving him with
the word killer
after some time trevor packed all his
belongings to donate them
he drives his truck with ivan inside it
but this time he's silent and even
encouraging
trevor makes his way to the police
station and upon his arrival
he reports a hit and drawn to the same
officer from before
the cops take him along a stark white
hallway then to an empty and equally
white cell
he tells them that he just wants to
sleep and when he slumps down on the
bench there
his eyes slowly close for the first time
in a year
trevor has finally fallen asleep
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching